README.md, before:

![Subdarr logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr/master/images/subdarrSmall.png)
# Subdarr

Subdarr is an auxiliary subtitle downloader for [Sonarr](https://sonarr.tv/) and [Radarr](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr).

Simply run the container and follow the "connector installation" instructions to automatically download subs for your content!

## Links
- [Github](https://github.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr)
- [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/mastermindzh/subdarr/)

## Table of contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
    + [With Docker](#with-docker)
    + [Without Docker](#without-docker)
    + [Connector installation](#connector-installation)
  * [Extending the logger](#extending-the-logger)
    + [If you're running with docker](#if-youre-running-with-docker)

## Installation
Below you'll find the installation instructions for Subdarr. It will go into both installing with and without Docker and finish with the connector installation.

### With Docker
To run the barebones container (no volume mapping) use:
```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 mastermindzh/subdarr
```

Most people will require volume mounts though. Make *sure* your volume mounts are the same as those for Sonarr/Radarr!

Sonarr and Radarr use "/tv" and "/movies" by default (respectively).

The following Docker command *should* work for most people:

```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 -v /path/to/tvshows/:/tv -v /path/to/movies:/movies mastermindzh/subdarr
```

### Without Docker
Running without docker isn't recommended but it can be done by following the steps below.

1. Clone this repo
2. Use `pip` to install requirements.txt
3. Run the app with the `python app.py` command.


### Connector installation
For this step you need the "download_subtitles.sh" file. <br />
You can find this file in the "connector" directory or call the 'connector' endpoint (default: [http://localhost:5500/connector](http://localhost:5500/connector)).

1. Copy the `download_subtitles.sh` file to a location Sonarr/Radarr can reach
2. Go to Sonarr/Radarr and click `settings`
3. Click on the `Connect` tab
4. Click the big `"+"` sign
5. Choose `Custom Script`
6. Enter a name and disable `on Grab`
7. Set the "Path" to `/bin/bash`
8. Set the "Arguments" to the path of your `download_subtitles.sh` file
9. Optionally append languages and the Subdarr ip as arguments to the script from step 8. (e.g `/my/path/download_subtitles.sh eng,nld http://192.168.1.6:5500`) (defaults are English and localhost, [list of all languages](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Diaoul/babelfish/master/babelfish/data/opensubtitles_languages.txt))
10. Click on save to save.


![Example image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr/master/images/sonarr.png)

## Extending the logger
The logger, by default, does nothing (yay freedom).
It is possible to extend the logger if you know how to write Python code.
Simply edit the logger/logger.py file and edit what the "log" method does.
In the example below I changed the log method to log a seperator before and after the actual message.

```python
def log(message):
  """Logs a message to the command line"""
  print("==========")
  print(message)
  print("==========")
```

### If you're running with docker
If you're running with Docker you'll have to copy the contents of logger.py to a folder on your disk and edit that.

To include the logger in your Docker simply add a volume bind when running the container:
```
-v /my/custom/path/logger.py:/app/logger/logger.py
```

The complete command will look something like this:

```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 -v /my/custom/path/logger.py:/app/logger/logger.py mastermindzh/subdarr
```

Commit message:

added folder scanning (fixing PM from Kevin) :)

README.md, after:

![Subdarr logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr/master/images/subdarrSmall.png)
# Subdarr

Subdarr is an auxiliary subtitle downloader for [Sonarr](https://sonarr.tv/) and [Radarr](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr).

Simply run the container and follow the "connector installation" instructions to automatically download subs for your content!

## Links
- [Github](https://github.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr)
- [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/mastermindzh/subdarr/)

## Table of contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
    + [With Docker](#with-docker)
    + [Without Docker](#without-docker)
    + [Connector installation](#connector-installation)
  * [Extending the logger](#extending-the-logger)
    + [If you're running with docker](#if-youre-running-with-docker)

## Installation
Below you'll find the installation instructions for Subdarr. It will go into both installing with and without Docker and finish with the connector installation.

### With Docker
To run the barebones container (no volume mapping) use:
```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 mastermindzh/subdarr
```

Most people will require volume mounts though. Make *sure* your volume mounts are the same as those for Sonarr/Radarr!

Sonarr and Radarr use "/tv" and "/movies" by default (respectively).

The following Docker command *should* work for most people:

```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 -v /path/to/tvshows/:/tv -v /path/to/movies:/movies mastermindzh/subdarr
```

### Without Docker
Running without docker isn't recommended but it can be done by following the steps below.

1. Clone this repo
2. Use `pip` to install requirements.txt
3. Run the app with the `python app.py` command.


### Connector installation
For this step you need the "download_subtitles.sh" file. <br />
You can find this file in the "connector" directory or call the 'connector' endpoint (default: [http://localhost:5500/connector](http://localhost:5500/connector)).

1. Copy the `download_subtitles.sh` file to a location Sonarr/Radarr can reach
2. Go to Sonarr/Radarr and click `settings`
3. Click on the `Connect` tab
4. Click the big `"+"` sign
5. Choose `Custom Script`
6. Enter a name and disable `on Grab`
7. Set the "Path" to `/bin/bash`
8. Set the "Arguments" to the path of your `download_subtitles.sh` file
9. Optionally append languages and the Subdarr ip as arguments to the script from step 8. (e.g `/my/path/download_subtitles.sh eng,nld http://192.168.1.6:5500`) (defaults are English and localhost, [list of all languages](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Diaoul/babelfish/master/babelfish/data/opensubtitles_languages.txt))
10. Click on save to save.


![Example image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mastermindzh/Subdarr/master/images/sonarr.png)

## Extending the logger
The logger, by default, does nothing (yay freedom).
It is possible to extend the logger if you know how to write Python code.
Simply edit the logger/logger.py file and edit what the "log" method does.
In the example below I changed the log method to log a separator before and after the actual message.

```python
def log(message):
  """Logs a message to the command line"""
  print("==========")
  print(message)
  print("==========")
```

### If you're running with docker
If you're running with Docker you'll have to copy the contents of logger.py to a folder on your disk and edit that.

To include the logger in your Docker simply add a volume bind when running the container:
```
-v /my/custom/path/logger.py:/app/logger/logger.py
```

The complete command will look something like this:

```
docker run --name Subdarr -p 5500:5500 -v /my/custom/path/logger.py:/app/logger/logger.py mastermindzh/subdarr
```

## scan an entire folder for existing files
To scan an entire folder you have to call the `/scan` endpoint with the following JSON document (only path is mandatory, defaults to English and 14 days):

```json
{
	"languages": "eng,nld",
	"path":"/movies",
	"age": 14
}
```

This will give you the following cURL command:
```bash
curl --request POST \
  --url http://localhost:5500/scan \
  --header 'cache-control: no-cache' \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '{\n	"languages": "eng,nld",\n	"path":"/movies",\n	"age": 14\n}'
```

You could automate it with [cron](http://www.unixgeeks.org/security/newbie/unix/cron-1.html) or [systemd Timers](https://coreos.com/os/docs/latest/scheduling-tasks-with-systemd-timers.html) too.
